# Alcohol Consumption 2024

HereThese are the annual numbers of per capita wine consumption (in gallons) in America from 1970 to 2022.  This file contains data on apparent per capita alcohol consumption by State and type of alcoholic beverage for the years from 1970 through 2022. Note: This file includes updates to previous population estimates for years 2020-2021. For an understanding of the methods used in calculating apparent per capita alcohol consumption, see:   Nephew, T.M., Yi, H., Williams, G.D., Stinson, F.S., and Dufour, M.C., 2004.    U.S. Alcohol Epidemiologic Data Reference Manual, Vol. 1, 4th ed.    U.S. Apparent Consumption of Alcoholic Beverages Based on State Sales,    Taxation, or Receipt Data. Bethesda, MD: NIAAA. NIH Publication No. 04-5563.    (Available to download in PDF format at http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/manual.htm)   and   Slater, M.E., and Alpert, H.R., 2024.    Surveillance Report #121: Apparent Per Capita Alcohol Consumption:    National, State, and Regional Trends, 1977-2022. Bethesda, MD: NIAAA.    (Available to download in PDF and HTM formats at http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/surveillance.htm)   Data follow the record layout below:     Column(s)  Variable --------   --------  1-4    Year (4-digit calendar year)  6-7    Geographic ID code (FIPS code, see specification below)  9      Type of beverage (see specification below)  11-20  Gallons of beverage  22-30  Gallons of ethanol (absolute alcohol)  32-40  Population (age 14 and older)  43-47  Gallons of ethanol per capita age 14 and older           **(divide per capita gallons by 10,000 to obtain correct value)**  49-50  Decile for per capita consumption age 14 and older            (1 if state is ranked in top 10% by per capita consumption,             2 if in 10%-20%, etc.)  52-60  Population (age 21 and older)  63-67  Gallons of ethanol per capita age 21 and older           **(divide per capita gallons by 10,000 to obtain correct value)**  69-70  Decile for per capita consumption age 21 and older  72     Type of data source  74-76  Time-varying alcohol by volume (ABV)           **(divide ABV by 1,000 to obtain correct value)**  78-86  Gallons of ethanol derived from time-varying ABV   Type of beverage: ----------------  1   Spirits  2   Wine  3   Beer  4   All beverages     Geographic ID code: ------------------   1   Alabama   2   Alaska   4   Arizona   5   Arkansas   6   California   8   Colorado   9   Connecticut  10   Delaware  11   District of Columbia  12   Florida  13   Georgia  15   Hawaii  16   Idaho  17   Illinois  18   Indiana  19   Iowa  20   Kansas  21   Kentucky  22   Louisiana  23   Maine  24   Maryland  25   Massachusetts  26   Michigan  27   Minnesota  28   Mississippi  29   Missouri  30   Montana  31   Nebraska  32   Nevada  33   New Hampshire  34   New Jersey  35   New Mexico  36   New York  37   North Carolina  38   North Dakota  39   Ohio  40   Oklahoma  41   Oregon  42   Pennsylvania  44   Rhode Island  45   South Carolina  46   South Dakota  47   Tennessee  48   Texas  49   Utah  50   Vermont  51   Virginia  53   Washington  54   West Virginia  55   Wisconsin  56   Wyoming  91   Northeast Region        (CT, ME, MA, NH, NJ, NY, PA, RI, VT)  92   Midwest Region        (IL, IN, IA, KS, MI, MN, MO, NE, ND, OH, SD, WI)  93   South Region        (AL, AR, DE, DC, FL, GA, KY, LA, MD, MS, NC,         OK, SC, TN, TX, VA, WV)  94   West Region        (AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, MT, NV, NM, OR, UT, WA, WY)  99   United States     Type of data source: --------------------  1   State monthly sales volume data  2   State monthly sales tax data  3   State annual sales volume data  4   State annual sales tax data  5   NABCA monthly sales volume data  6   NABCA annual sales volume data  7   Industry

The data are in `Alcohol_Consumption_2024.txt`

The variables in this dataset are: 

Header | Description
---|---------
`Year` | 
`Beer` | 
`Spirits` | 
`Wine` | 

This dataset is sourced from: https://www.niaaa.nih.gov/sites/default/files/pcyr1970-2022.txt
